README.md, before:

# MovieportalAngular

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added README and LICENSE files

README.md, after:

# MovieportalAngular

MovieportalAngular is a web application for browsing and discovering movies. This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.0.1.

## Features

- Browse popular movies
- Search for movies by title
- View detailed movie information

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm (v6 or later)
- Angular CLI (v18.0.1)

## Configuration

This project uses The Movie Database (TMDB) API. To run the application, you need to obtain an API key from TMDB and add it to your environment.

1. Sign up for an account at [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/signup) if you haven't already.
2. Go to your [account settings](https://www.themoviedb.org/settings/api) and create a new API key.
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project.
4. Add your API key to the `.env` file.

**Note:** Never commit your API key to version control. The `.env` file should be kept local and not shared publicly.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
